website/docs: stages cleanup (#21558)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/stages/deny/index.md

---
title: Deny stage

> ---

Reviewer: We should provide a basic example of how the stage can be used. Some customers have been confused by it. Example could just be something like:

1. Create a deny stage
2. Bind this expression policy to it (if user ip address = whatever)
3. This will block all users using that IP

---
title: Deny stage
---

The Deny stage stops the current flow immediately.

## Overview

Use this stage when the flow should end with access denied, including cases where the user is not signed in yet and group-based permissions are not available.

## Configuration options

This stage has no stage-specific configuration options.

## Flow integration

Bind this stage where a flow should stop after a policy or earlier stage determines that the user must not continue.

## Notes

:::caution
To use this stage effectively, make sure **Evaluate when flow is planned** is disabled on the stage binding.
:::

If the binding is evaluated during flow planning, the denial can happen earlier than intended and skip the checks that were meant to decide whether the user should be denied.

### Example: block a known IP range

> One common pattern is to bind a Deny stage to an expression policy that blocks requests from a specific IP range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One common use case is to bind a Deny stage to an expression policy that blocks requests from a specific IP range.
```

Author: 👍
